$NetBSD: patch-info_vm.texinfo,v 1.1 2018/11/29 00:36:23 markd Exp $

revision 1503. Adjusted the texinfo files for makeinfo version 5.2 

--- info/vm.texinfo.orig	2011-12-27 22:19:28.000000000 +0000
+++ info/vm.texinfo
@@ -914,7 +914,8 @@ following formats:
 
 @example
 ``pop:@var{HOST}:@var{PORT}:@var{AUTH}:@var{USER}:@var{PASSWORD}''
-``imap:@var{HOST}:@var{PORT}:@var{MAILBOX}:@var{AUTH}:@var{USER}:@var{PASSWORD}''@end example
+``imap:@var{HOST}:@var{PORT}:@var{MAILBOX}:@var{AUTH}:@var{USER}:@var{PASSWORD}''
+@end example
 
 @noindent Remote mailboxes accessed by VM in this fashion are referred
 to as @dfn{server folders} (and @dfn{@acronym{POP} folders} or @dfn{@acronym{IMAP}
@@ -1208,7 +1209,7 @@ The variable's value should be an associ
 @end example
 
 @var{IMAPDROP} is an @acronym{IMAP} maildrop specification (@ref{maildrop
-  specification}). 
+specification}). 
 
 @var{NAME} is a string that should give a less cumbersome name that you
 will use to refer to this maildrop when using @code{vm-visit-imap-folder}.
@@ -2814,7 +2815,7 @@ composition and will analyze your messag
 * @acronym{MIME} preview::        Previewing a @acronym{MIME} message before sending.
 @end menu
 
-@node @acronym{MIME} attachments, @acronym{MIME} characters, Sending @acronym{MIME} Messages, Sending @acronym{MIME} Messages, 
+@node @acronym{MIME} attachments, @acronym{MIME} characters, Sending @acronym{MIME} Messages, Sending @acronym{MIME} Messages 
 @unnumberedsec @acronym{MIME} attachments
 
 @kindex C-c C-a
@@ -2868,7 +2869,7 @@ Alternatively, you can mark one or more
 before invoking this command.  All the marked messages will be
 attached as a digest in the outgoing message.
 
-@unnumberedsubsubsec Point-to-point attachment operations
+@unnumberedsubsec Point-to-point attachment operations
 
 @cindex point-to-point attachment operations
 A number of @dfn{point-to-point operations} allow you to attach objects
@@ -3425,7 +3426,7 @@ command.  There is a separate variable
 works like @code{vm-delete-after-saving} but applies to the @kbd{A}
 (@code{vm-auto-archive-messages}) command (see below).
 
-@unnumberedsubsec vm-auto-folder-alist
+@unnumberedsec vm-auto-folder-alist
 
 @vindex vm-auto-folder-alist
 The variable @code{vm-auto-folder-alist} is used to specify
@@ -3477,7 +3478,7 @@ matching is case-insensitive.  Note that
 always case-insensitive because the Internet message standard RFC 822
 specifies that header names are case indistinct.
 
-@unnumberedsubsec Other commands
+@unnumberedsec Other commands
 
 @table @kbd
 @findex vm-save-message-sans-headers
@@ -5174,7 +5175,7 @@ the offline operation.  Similarly, @emph
 been expunged in the cache folder are expunged on the server.
 
 @anchor{@acronym{UIDVALIDITY}}
-@unnumberedsubsec @acronym{UIDVALIDITY}
+@unnumberedsec @acronym{UIDVALIDITY}
 
 @cindex @acronym{UIDVALIDITY}
 Messages on an @acronym{IMAP} server have unique id numbers called UID's.
@@ -5198,7 +5199,7 @@ time, but note that it is not possible t
 setting the @code{vm-enable-external-messages} flag to @code{(imap)} before
 you refresh the cache so that it will be quicker. @pxref{External Messages}.
 
-@unnumberedsubsec Operations for the IMAP server
+@unnumberedsec Operations for the IMAP server
 
 @cindex vm-list-imap-folders
 The command @code{vm-list-imap-folders} lists the folders available on the
@@ -6021,7 +6022,7 @@ packages in your environment.
 Useful ways to customize VM.
 @section Reading messages
 
-@unnumberedsubsubsec Shrunken headers
+@unnumberedsubsec Shrunken headers
 
 @cindex headers, shrunken
 @vindex vm-enable-addons
@@ -6069,7 +6070,7 @@ part.  You can use the same function to
 
 @section Saving messages and attachments
 
-@unnumberedsubsubsec Auto saving attachments
+@unnumberedsubsec Auto saving attachments
 
 Messages with attachments get bulky and increase the size of VM
 folders, slowing down VM.  The functions
@@ -6179,7 +6180,7 @@ The project code base is maintained at t
 @uref{http://launchpad.net/vm}.  The ``VM Development Team'' can be
 reached here using the email address @email{vm@@lists.launchpad.net}.
 
-@unnumberedsubsec Savannah project site
+@unnumberedsec Savannah project site
 
 The changes made in each of the releases is described in the @samp{NEWS}
 file, which can be found in the source code repository.  The changes made
@@ -6197,7 +6198,7 @@ the @code{Source Code} menu.  The @code{
 takes you to a page that lists various version of VM source code, and
 gives instructions for downloading it via @samp{Bazaar} (@code{bzr}).
 
-@unnumberedsubsec Technical support
+@unnumberedsec Technical support
 
 VM has a dedicated usenet newsgroup @code{gnu.emacs.vm.info} and a
 gmane newsgroup @code{gmane.emacs.viewmail}, in which the developers
@@ -6220,7 +6221,7 @@ alternative approaches to narrow down th
 
 The best way to report bugs is via the Launchpad bug tacker.  See below.
 
-@unnumberedsubsec Get Involved
+@unnumberedsec Get Involved
 
 VM is now supported and maintained by the user community.  So, as an
 active user, your participation is key to keep the project going.  
@@ -6545,7 +6546,7 @@ server are listed.  In the normal cases,
 @acronym{IMAP} folders.)
 @end itemize
 
-@unnumberedsubsubsec Folder variables
+@unnumberedsubsec Folder variables
 
 Internal to Emacs, VM stores the folder as simply a text buffer.  However, it
 remembers a variety of data about the message contents in the buffer
