@comment $NetBSD: PLIST,v 1.4 2019/10/06 13:45:42 nia Exp $
bin/mixxx
lib/mixxx/plugins/soundsourceqt5/libsoundsourcem4a.so
lib/mixxx/plugins/vampqt5/libmixxxminimal.so
share/appdata/mixxx.appdata.xml
share/applications/mixxx.desktop
share/doc/mixxx/LICENSE
share/doc/mixxx/Mixxx-Manual.pdf
share/doc/mixxx/README
share/mixxx/controllers/Akai MPD24.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Akai-LPD8-RK-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Akai-LPD8-RK.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Allen and Heath Xone K2.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Allen-and-Heath-Xone-K2-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/American Audio RADIUS 2000 CH1.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/American Audio RADIUS 2000 CH2.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/American Audio VMS2.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/American Audio VMS4.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/American-Audio-RADIUS-2000-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/American-Audio-VMS2-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/American-Audio-VMS4-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Behringer BCD2000.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Behringer BCD3000 Advanced.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Behringer BCD3000.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Behringer CMD MM1.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Behringer CMD Micro.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Behringer CMDStudio4a.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Behringer-BCD2000-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Behringer-BCD3000-Advanced-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Behringer-BCD3000-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Behringer-CMD-MM1-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Behringer-CMD-Micro-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Behringer-CMDStudio4a-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/DJ TechTools MIDI Fighter Twister.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/DJ TechTools-MIDI Fighter Twister-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/DJ-Tech CDJ-101.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/DJ-Tech DJM-101.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/DJ-Tech Kontrol One.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/DJ-Tech Mix-101.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/DJ-Tech Mixer One.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/DJ-Tech i-Mix Reload.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/DJ-Tech-CDJ-101-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/DJ-Tech-DJM-101-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/DJ-Tech-Kontrol-One-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/DJ-Tech-Mixer-One-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/DJ-Tech-i-Mix-Reload-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/DJTechTools MIDI Fighter.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/DJTechTools-MIDIFighter-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Denon DN HS5500.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Denon DN SC2000.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Denon MC3000.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Denon MC4000.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Denon-DN-HS5500-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Denon-DN-SC2000.midi.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Denon-MC3000-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Denon-MC4000-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Denon-MC6000MK2-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Denon-MC6000MK2.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/EKS Otus.hid.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/EKS-Otus.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Electrix Tweaker.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Electrix-Tweaker-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Evolution_Xsession.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/FaderFoxDJ2.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Gemini CDMP-7000 L audio.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Gemini CDMP-7000 R audio.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Gemini FirstMix.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Gemini-CDMP-7000-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Gemini-FirstMix-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/HID Keyboard.hid.xml.example
share/mixxx/controllers/HID Trackpad.hid.xml.example
share/mixxx/controllers/HID-Keyboard.js
share/mixxx/controllers/HID-Trackpad.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules DJ Console 4-Mx.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules DJ Console Mac Edition.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules DJ Console Mk1.hid.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules DJ Console Mk2.hid.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules DJ Console Mk2.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules DJ Console Mk4.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules DJ Console RMX 2.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules DJ Console RMX Advanced.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules DJ Console RMX.hid.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules DJ Console RMX.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules DJ Control AIR.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules DJ Control Instinct.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules DJ Control MP3 e2-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules DJ Control MP3 e2.bulk.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules DJ Control MP3 e2.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules DJ Control MP3.hid.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules DJ Control MP3.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules DJ Control Steel.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules DJControl Compact.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules P32 DJ.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules-DJ-Console-4-Mx-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules-DJ-Console-Mk1-hid-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules-DJ-Console-Mk2-hid-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules-DJ-Console-Mk2-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules-DJ-Console-Mk4-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules-DJ-Console-RMX-2-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules-DJ-Console-RMX-hid-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules-DJ-Console-RMX-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules-DJ-Control-AIR-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules-DJ-Control-Instinct-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules-DJ-Control-MP3-hid-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules-DJ-Control-MP3-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules-DJ-Control-Steel-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules-DJControl-Compact-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules-P32-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Hercules-mp3e2-compat.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Ion Discover DJ.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Ion-Discover-DJ-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/KANE_QuNeo.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/KANE_QuNeo_scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Kontrol Dj KDJ500.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Kontrol-Dj-KDJ500-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Korg nanoKONTROL 2.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Korg nanoKONTROL.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Korg nanoPAD2.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Korg-KAOSS-DJ-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Korg-KAOSS-DJ.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Korg-nanoKONTROL-2-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Korg-nanoPAD2-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/M-Audio_Xsession_pro.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Midi-Keyboard.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/MidiTech-MidiControl.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Midi_for_light-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Midi_for_light.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/MixVibes U-Mix Control 2.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/MixVibes U-Mix Control Pro 2.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/MixVibes-U-Mix-Control-Pro-2-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Mixman DM2 (Linux).js
share/mixxx/controllers/Mixman DM2 (Linux).midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Mixman DM2 (OS X).js
share/mixxx/controllers/Mixman DM2 (OS X).midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Mixman DM2 (Windows).midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Nintendo Wiimote.hid.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Nintendo-Wiimote.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Novation Dicer.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Novation Launchpad MK2.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Novation Launchpad.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Novation-Dicer-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Novation-Launchpad MK2-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Novation-Launchpad-Mini-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Novation-Launchpad-Mini.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Novation-Launchpad-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Numark DJ2Go.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Numark MIXTRACK.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Numark Mixtrack 2.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Numark Mixtrack Platinum.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Numark Mixtrack Pro.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Numark N4.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Numark NS7.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Numark Omni Control.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Numark Total Control.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Numark V7.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Numark-DJ2Go-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Numark-MixTrack-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Numark-Mixtrack-2-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Numark-Mixtrack-3-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Numark-Mixtrack-3.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Numark-Mixtrack-Platinum-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Numark-Mixtrack-Pro-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Numark-N4-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Numark-NS7-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Numark-Omni-Control-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Numark-Total-Control-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Numark-V7-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Pioneer CDJ HID.hid.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Pioneer CDJ-2000.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Pioneer CDJ-350 Ch1.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Pioneer CDJ-350 Ch2.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Pioneer CDJ-850.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Pioneer DDJ-SX.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Pioneer-CDJ-2000-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Pioneer-CDJ-350-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Pioneer-CDJ-850-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Pioneer-CDJ-HID.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Pioneer-DDJ-SB-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Pioneer-DDJ-SB.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Pioneer-DDJ-SB2-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Pioneer-DDJ-SB2.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Pioneer-DDJ-SX-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/README.txt
share/mixxx/controllers/Reloop Beatmix 2-4.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Reloop Beatpad.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Reloop Digital Jockey 2 Controller Edition.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Reloop Jockey 3 ME.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Reloop Terminal Mix 2-4.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Reloop Terminal Mix 2-4.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Reloop-Beatmix-2-4-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Reloop-Beatpad-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Reloop-Digital-Jockey2-Controller-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Reloop-Jockey-3-ME-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Sony SixxAxis.hid.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Sony-SixxAxis.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Stanton SCS.1d.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Stanton SCS.1m.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Stanton SCS.3d Alternate.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Stanton SCS.3d.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Stanton SCS.3m.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Stanton-SCS1d-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Stanton-SCS1m-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Stanton-SCS3d-alternate-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Stanton-SCS3d-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Stanton-SCS3m-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/TrakProDJ iPad.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/TrakProDJ-iPad-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Traktor Kontrol F1.hid.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Traktor Kontrol S4 MK2.hid.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Traktor Kontrol X1.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Traktor-Kontrol-F1-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Traktor-Kontrol-S4-MK2-hid-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Traktor-Kontrol-X1.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Vestax Spin.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Vestax Typhoon Enhanced.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Vestax Typhoon.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Vestax VCI-100-3DEX.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Vestax VCI-100-hile.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Vestax VCI-100.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Vestax VCI-100MKII.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Vestax VCI-300.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Vestax VCI-400.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Vestax-Spin-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Vestax-Typhoon-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Vestax-VCI-100-3DEX-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Vestax-VCI-100-hile.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Vestax-VCI-100-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Vestax-VCI-100MKII-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Vestax-VCI-300-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Vestax-VCI-400-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/Wireless DJ App.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/Wireless-DJ-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/common-bulk-midi.js
share/mixxx/controllers/common-controller-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/common-hid-devices.js
share/mixxx/controllers/common-hid-packet-parser.js
share/mixxx/controllers/korg_nanokontrol2.mixco.output.js
share/mixxx/controllers/korg_nanokontrol2.mixco.output.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/lodash.mixxx.js
share/mixxx/controllers/maudio_xponent.mixco.output.js
share/mixxx/controllers/maudio_xponent.mixco.output.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/midi-components-0.0.js
share/mixxx/controllers/mixco/README.md
share/mixxx/controllers/mixco/korg_nanokontrol2.mixco.litcoffee
share/mixxx/controllers/mixco/maudio_xponent.mixco.litcoffee
share/mixxx/controllers/mixco/novation_twitch.mixco.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/.babelrc
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/.editorconfig
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/.eslintignore
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/.eslintrc.yaml
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/.gitignore
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/LICENSE
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/Makefile
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/README.MD
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/docs/lp-1.png
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/docs/lp-2.png
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/docs/lp-3.png
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/docs/lp-4.png
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/docs/lp-mki-grande.png
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/docs/lp-mki-juggler.png
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/docs/lp-mki-layout.png
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/docs/lp-mki-sampler.png
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/docs/lp-mki-short.png
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/docs/lp-mki-tall.png
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/lerna.json
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/package.json
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/.flowconfig
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/flow-typed/mk-specs.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/flow-typed/npm/eventemitter3_v2.x.x.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/package.json
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/Bpm.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/Layout.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/ModifierSidebar.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/PlaylistSidebar.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/Preset.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/Screen.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/controls/beatjump.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/controls/beatloop.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/controls/cue.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/controls/grid.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/controls/hotcue.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/controls/key.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/controls/keyshift.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/controls/load.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/controls/loopIo.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/controls/loopMultiply.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/controls/loopjump.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/controls/nudge.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/controls/pfl.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/controls/play.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/controls/quantize.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/controls/reloop.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/controls/slip.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/controls/sync.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/controls/tap.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/presets/Grande.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/presets/Juggler.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/presets/Sampler.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/presets/Short.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/App/presets/Tall.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/Component.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/Controls/ControlComponent.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/Controls/MidiComponent.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/Launchpad/Button.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/Launchpad/MidiBus.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/Launchpad/index.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/app/src/index.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/mk-specs@1.0.0/buttons.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/mk-specs@1.0.0/colors.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/mk-specs@1.0.0/package.json
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/mk-specs@2.0.0/buttons.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/mk-specs@2.0.0/colors.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/mk-specs@2.0.0/package.json
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/mk1/buttons.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/mk1/index.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/mk1/package.json
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/mk1/template.xml.ejs
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/mk2/buttons.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/mk2/index.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/mk2/package.json
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/packages/mk2/template.xml.ejs
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/scripts/compile-mapping.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation-launchpad/scripts/compile-scripts.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation_twitch.mixco.output.js
share/mixxx/controllers/novation_twitch.mixco.output.midi.xml
share/mixxx/controllers/us428.midi.xml
share/mixxx/fonts/OpenSans-Regular.ttf
share/mixxx/fonts/OpenSans.LICENSE.txt
share/mixxx/fonts/Ubuntu-B.ttf
share/mixxx/fonts/Ubuntu-R.ttf
share/mixxx/fonts/Ubuntu.LICENCE.txt
share/mixxx/keyboard/cs_CZ.kbd.cfg
share/mixxx/keyboard/da_DK.kbd.cfg
share/mixxx/keyboard/de_CH.kbd.cfg
share/mixxx/keyboard/de_DE.kbd.cfg
share/mixxx/keyboard/el_GR.kbd.cfg
share/mixxx/keyboard/en_US.kbd.cfg
share/mixxx/keyboard/es_ES.kbd.cfg
share/mixxx/keyboard/fi_FI.kbd.cfg
share/mixxx/keyboard/fr_CH.kbd.cfg
share/mixxx/keyboard/fr_FR.kbd.cfg
share/mixxx/keyboard/it_IT.kbd.cfg
share/mixxx/keyboard/ru_RU.kbd.cfg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere (64 Samplers)/preferences_preview_screenshot.png
share/mixxx/skins/Deere (64 Samplers)/sample_decks.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere (64 Samplers)/skin.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere (64 Samplers)/skin_settings.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/auxiliary.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/beatjump.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/beatloop_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/crossfader_orientation_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/deck.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/deck_controls_row.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/deck_overview_row.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/deck_tempo_column.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/deck_text_row.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/deck_visual_row.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/effect_button_parameter.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/effect_buttons.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/effect_focus_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/effect_meta_knob.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/effect_parameter_knob.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/effect_rack.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/effect_single_no_parameters.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/effect_single_with_parameters.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/effect_single_with_parameters_row.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/effect_unit.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/effect_unit_no_parameters.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/effect_unit_with_parameters.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/equalizer_rack_parameter_left.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/equalizer_rack_parameter_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/fx_unit_group_assignment_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/handle-crossfader-blue.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/handle-crossfader-grey.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/handle-crossfader-lime.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/handle-crossfader-orange.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/handle-vertical-blue.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/handle-vertical-carmine.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/handle-vertical-grey.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/handle-vertical-lime.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/handle-vertical-orange.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/handle-vertical-purple.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/hide_show_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/hotcue.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/hotcue_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_add_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_autodj_32px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_beatjump_backward_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_beatjump_forward_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_beatloop_activate_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_beats_adjust_faster_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_beats_adjust_slower_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_beats_translate_alignment_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_beats_translate_curpos_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_beats_translate_earlier_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_beats_translate_later_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_broadcast_0_32px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_broadcast_1_32px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_broadcast_2_32px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_broadcast_3_32px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_chevron_down_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_chevron_down_selector.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_chevron_down_selector_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_chevron_left_24x48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_chevron_left_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_chevron_right_24x48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_chevron_right_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_chevron_up_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_chevron_up_selector.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_chevron_up_selector_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_clear_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_eject_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_fast_forward_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_fast_rewind_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_fx_mixmode_d+w.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_fx_mixmode_d-w.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_headphones_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_key_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_library_bpm_locked.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_library_bpm_unlocked.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_library_checkmark.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_library_preview_pause.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_library_preview_play.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_loop_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_loop_in_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_loop_move_backward_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_loop_move_forward_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_loop_out_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_menu_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_orientation_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_orientation_left_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_orientation_right_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_pause_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_play_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_power_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_quantize_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_radio_button_off_18px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_radio_button_off_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_radio_button_on_18px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_radio_button_on_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_record_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_recording_0_32px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_recording_1_32px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_recording_2_32px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_recording_3_32px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_remove_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_repeat_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_reverse_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_settings_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_slip_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_spinny_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_unfold_less_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_unfold_more_48px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_vinylcontrol_1_32px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_vinylcontrol_2_32px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_vinylcontrol_32px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/icon/ic_vinylcontrol_3_32px.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/image/marker_cue.png
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/image/marker_loop_in.png
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/image/marker_loop_out.png
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/image/mixxx_logo.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/image/style_branch_closed.png
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/image/style_branch_open.png
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/image/style_handle_horizontal_checked.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/image/style_handle_horizontal_unchecked.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/image/style_handle_vertical_checked.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/image/style_handle_vertical_unchecked.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/image/style_sort_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/image/style_sort_up.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/image/vinyl_spinny_background.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/image/vinyl_spinny_cover_mask.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/image/vinyl_spinny_foreground.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/image/vinyl_spinny_foreground_ghost.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/knob.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/knob.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/knob_bg_blue.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/knob_bg_blue_gapless.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/knob_bg_carmine.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/knob_bg_green.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/knob_bg_grey.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/knob_bg_lime.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/knob_bg_orange.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/knob_bg_purple.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/knob_bg_purple_gapless.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/knob_small.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/knob_small_green.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/knob_toolbar.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/knob_toolbar.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/knob_with_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/knob_with_button_left.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/knob_with_button_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/knob_with_label.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/left_1state_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/left_2state_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/left_3state_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/left_5state_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/left_display_2state_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/left_display_4state_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/left_gutter.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/left_right_1state_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/left_right_2state_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/left_right_display_2state_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/library.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/loop.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/main_decks.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/microphone.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/microphone_rack.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/microphone_talkover_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/mixer.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/mixer_column_eq_left.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/mixer_column_eq_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/mixer_column_gain_levels.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/mixer_column_master_vu.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/mixer_column_volume.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/mixer_controls_condensed_left.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/mixer_controls_condensed_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/mixer_controls_left.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/mixer_controls_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/mixer_status_bar.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/preferences_preview_screenshot.png
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/preview_deck.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/quick_effect_superknob_left.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/quick_effect_superknob_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/right_gutter.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/sample_decks.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/sampler.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/sampler_controls_row.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/sampler_row.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/sampler_rows_selection_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/sampler_text_row.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/skin.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/skin_settings.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/slider-crossfader-AutoDJ.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/slider-crossfader.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/slider-vertical.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/spacer.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/spacer_h.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/spacer_hx.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/spacer_v.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/spacer_vx.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/spinny.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/statuslight_3state.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/style-mac.qss
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/style.qss
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/tool_bar.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/vinylcontrol.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/vumeter.png
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/vumeter.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/vumeter.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/vumeter_clip.png
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/vumeter_clip.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/vumeter_h.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/vumeter_latency.png
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/vumeter_latency.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/vumeter_latency.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/vumeter_master.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/vumeter_v.png
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/vumeter_v.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Deere/vumeter_v.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/aux_unit.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/button_1state.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/button_1state_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/button_2state.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/button_2state_nohover.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/button_2state_persist.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/button_2state_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/button_2state_right_display.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/button_3state.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/button_3state_display.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/button_3state_persist.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/button_5state.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/button_hotcue.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn__down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn__over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn__overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_arrow_left.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_arrow_left_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_arrow_right.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_arrow_right_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_aux_play.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_aux_play_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_aux_play_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_aux_play_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_beat_curpos.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_beat_curpos_large.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_beat_curpos_large_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_beat_curpos_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_beatbox_double.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_beatbox_double_pressed.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_beatbox_halve.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_beatbox_halve_pressed.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_beatgrid_buttons_toggle.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_beats_curpos.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_beats_earlier.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_beats_earlier_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_beats_faster.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_beats_faster_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_beats_later.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_beats_later_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_beats_slower.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_beats_slower_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_cue.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_cue_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_cue_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_cue_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_eject.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_eject_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_eject_sampler.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_eject_sampler_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_eq_kill.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_eq_kill_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_eq_kill_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_eq_kill_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_fxCollapse.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_fxExpand.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_fxParameter.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_fxParameter_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_fxParameter_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_fxParameter_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_fxSelector.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_fxSelector_pressed.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_fxSelector_pressed_x2.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_fxSelector_x2.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_fxToggle.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_fxToggle_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_fxToggle_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_fxToggle_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_fx_focus_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_fx_focus_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_fx_mixmode_d+w.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_fx_mixmode_d-w.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_1.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_1_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_1_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_1_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_2.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_2_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_2_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_2_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_3.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_3_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_3_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_3_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_4.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_4_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_4_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_4_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_5.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_5_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_5_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_5_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_6.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_6_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_6_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_6_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_7.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_7_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_7_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_7_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_8.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_8_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_8_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_hotcue_8_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_keylock.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_keylock_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_keylock_sampler.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_keylock_sampler_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_lib_bpm_locked.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_lib_bpm_unlocked.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_lib_checkmark.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_lib_preview_pause.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_lib_preview_play.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_lib_radio_button_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_lib_radio_button_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_loop.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_loop_0.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_loop_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_loop_in.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_loop_in_active.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_loop_in_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_loop_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_loop_out.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_loop_out_active.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_loop_out_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_loop_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_loop_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_mastersync_master_off.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_mastersync_master_on.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_micDuck.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_micDuck_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_microphone_talkover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_microphone_talkover_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_microphone_talkover_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_microphone_talkover_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_minus.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_minus_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_next.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_next_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_orientation_aux_left.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_orientation_aux_master.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_orientation_aux_right.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_orientation_deckLeft_left.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_orientation_deckLeft_right.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_orientation_deckRight_left.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_orientation_deckRight_right.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_orientation_deck_master.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_orientation_sampler_left.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_orientation_sampler_master.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_orientation_sampler_right.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_pfl.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_pfl_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_pfl_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_pfl_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_play.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_play_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_play_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_play_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_play_preview.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_play_preview_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_play_preview_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_play_preview_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_play_sampler.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_play_sampler_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_play_sampler_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_play_sampler_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_plus.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_plus_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_power_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_power_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_prev.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_prev_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_quantize.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_quantize_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_quickEffect.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_quickEffect_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_quickEffect_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_quickEffect_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_reloop.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_reloop_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_reloop_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_reloop_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_repeat.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_repeat_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_reverse.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_reverse_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_reverse_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_reverse_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_samplerCollapse.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_samplerExpand.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_settings.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_settings_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_settings_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_skinsettings_close.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_skinsettings_close_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_skinsettings_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_slip.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_slip_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_sync.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_sync_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_sync_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_sync_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_sync_sampler.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/btn_sync_sampler_overdown.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/buttons/rec_dot.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/deck.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/deck_coverArt.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/deck_coverArt_small.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/deck_row_1_keyVinylFx.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/deck_row_2_3_TitleArtistTime.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/deck_row_4_overviewSpinny.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/deck_row_5_transportLoopJump.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/decks_left.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/decks_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/eq_knob_4decks.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/eq_knob_left.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/eq_knob_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/fx_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/fx_focus_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/fx_meta_knob.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/fx_parameter_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/fx_parameter_knob.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/fx_rack.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/fx_slot.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/fx_unit_parameters_hidden.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/fx_unit_parameters_visible.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/fx_units_12.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/fx_units_34.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/knob.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/knob_bg.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/knob_bg.svg_no_ring
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/knob_bg.svg_ring
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/knob_crossfader.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/knob_indicator.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/knob_pitch_deck.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/knob_pitch_sampler.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/knob_small_bg.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/knob_small_indicator.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/knob_small_textless.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/knob_textless.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/knob_volume_deck.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/knob_volume_previewdeck.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/library.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/mic_aux_rack.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/mic_unit.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/mixer.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/mixer_channel_4decks.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/mixer_channel_left.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/mixer_channel_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/mixer_master_headphone.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/preferences_preview_screenshot.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/preview_deck.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/quick_effect_knob_4decks.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/quick_effect_knob_left.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/quick_effect_knob_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/rate_controls.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/sampler.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/samplers_4decks.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/samplers_8decks.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/samplers_rack.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/samplersmall.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/skin.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/skin_settings.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/skin_settings_button_2state.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/skin_settings_labelbutton_2state.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/slider_crossfader.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/slider_pitch_deck.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/slider_pitch_sampler.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/slider_volume_deck.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/slider_volume_previewdeck.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/spinny.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/spinny_small.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style-mac.qss
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style.qss
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/background_tile.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/btn_lib_sort_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/btn_lib_sort_up.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/clipping_deck.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/clipping_deck.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/clipping_deck_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/clipping_deck_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/clipping_micAux.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/clipping_micAux_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/clipping_micAux_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/clipping_previewdeck.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/clipping_previewdeck.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/clipping_previewdeck_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/clipping_previewdeck_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/latency_bg.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/latency_bg.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/latency_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/latency_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/library_branch_closed.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/library_branch_closed_selected.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/library_branch_open.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/library_branch_open_selected.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/mixxx_logo.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/progressbar.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/progressbar_bg.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/spinny1_mask.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/spinny2_mask.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/spinny3_mask.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/spinny4_mask.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/spinny_bg.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/spinny_indicator.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/spinny_indicator_ghost.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/splitter_handle_checked.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/splitter_handle_horizontal_checked.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/splitter_handle_horizontal_unchecked.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/splitter_handle_unchecked.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/toolbar_divider.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/vinyl_control_1.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/vinyl_control_2.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/vinyl_control_3.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/vinylcontrol_indicator_horizontal1.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/vinylcontrol_indicator_horizontal2.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/vinylcontrol_indicator_horizontal3.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/volume_display_deck.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/volume_display_deck.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/volume_display_deck_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/volume_display_deck_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/volume_display_micAux.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/volume_display_micAux.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/volume_display_micAux_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/volume_display_micAux_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/volume_display_previewdeck.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/volume_display_previewdeck.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/volume_display_previewdeck_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/volume_display_previewdeck_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/volume_display_sampler.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/volume_display_sampler.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/volume_display_sampler_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/style/volume_display_sampler_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/toolbar.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/vinyl_controls.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/vumeter_latency.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/waveform.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/waveforms.xml
share/mixxx/skins/LateNight/waveforms_singleton.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/CHANGELOG.txt
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/audio_latency/audio_latency_overload.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/audio_latency/audio_latency_overload_back.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/audio_latency/audio_latency_usage.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/auxiliary.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_aux_mute.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_aux_mute_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_aux_mute_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatgrid.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatgrid_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatjump_backward.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatjump_backward_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatjump_forward.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatjump_forward_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_0125.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_0125_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_0125_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_0125_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_0250.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_0250_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_0250_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_0250_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_0500.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_0500_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_0500_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_0500_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_1.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_16.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_16_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_16_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_16_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_1_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_1_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_1_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_2.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_2_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_2_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_2_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_4.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_4_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_4_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_4_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_8.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_8_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_8_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_8_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_double.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_double_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_double_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_double_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_enable.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_enable_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_halve.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_halve_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_halve_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_beatloop_halve_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_big_minus.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_big_plus.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_broadcast_connected.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_broadcast_connecting.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_broadcast_failure.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_broadcast_unconnected.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_broadcast_warning.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_cue.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_cue_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_cue_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_cue_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_effect_enable.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_effect_enable_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_effect_enable_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_effect_enable_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_eject.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_eject_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_eject_sampler.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_eject_sampler_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_forward.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_forward_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_forward_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_forward_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_fx1.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_fx1_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_fx1_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_fx1_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_fx2.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_fx2_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_fx2_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_fx2_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_fx_minus.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_fx_plus.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_fxmix_d+w.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_fxmix_d-w.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_hotcue_1.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_hotcue_1_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_hotcue_1_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_hotcue_1_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_hotcue_2.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_hotcue_2_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_hotcue_2_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_hotcue_2_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_hotcue_3.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_hotcue_3_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_hotcue_3_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_hotcue_3_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_hotcue_4.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_hotcue_4_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_hotcue_4_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_hotcue_4_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_hotcues.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_hotcues_minus.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_hotcues_plus.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_keylock.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_keylock_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_keylock_sampler.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_keylock_sampler_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_kill.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_kill_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_kill_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_kill_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_lib_bpm_locked.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_lib_bpm_unlocked.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_lib_checkmark.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_lib_preview_pause.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_lib_preview_play.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_lib_radio_button_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_lib_radio_button_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_lib_radio_button_on_dark.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_lib_sort_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_lib_sort_down_dark.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_lib_sort_up.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_lib_sort_up_dark.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_load.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_loop_in.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_loop_in_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_loop_in_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_loop_in_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_loop_minus.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_loop_out.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_loop_out_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_loop_out_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_loop_out_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_loop_plus.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_microphone_talkover.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_microphone_talkover_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_microphone_talkover_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_microphone_talkover_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_minus.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_mix.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_next.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_next_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_orientation_microphone_left_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_orientation_microphone_master.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_orientation_microphone_right_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_orientation_sampler_left_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_orientation_sampler_master.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_orientation_sampler_right_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_pfl.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_pfl_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_pfl_fx.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_pfl_fx_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_pfl_fx_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_pfl_fx_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_pfl_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_pfl_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_pfl_sampler.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_pfl_sampler_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_pfl_sampler_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_pfl_sampler_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_play_deck.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_play_deck_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_play_deck_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_play_deck_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_play_previewdeck_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_play_previewdeck_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_play_sampler.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_play_sampler_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_play_sampler_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_play_sampler_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_plus.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_previous.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_previous_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_quantize.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_quantize_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_reloop.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_reloop_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_reloop_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_reloop_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_repeat.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_repeat_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_repeat_sampler.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_repeat_sampler_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_reverse.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_reverse_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_reverse_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_reverse_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_rewind.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_rewind_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_rewind_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_rewind_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_sampler_minus.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_sampler_plus.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_sampler_plus.xcf
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_save.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_seek.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_spin_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_spin_up.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_spinny.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_spinny_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_src_minus.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_src_plus.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_super.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_sync_sampler.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_sync_sampler_down.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_sync_sampler_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_sync_sampler_overdown.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_tap_sampler.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_tap_sampler_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_vinylcontrol.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_vinylcontrol_abs.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_vinylcontrol_const.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_vinylcontrol_cue_hot.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_vinylcontrol_cue_off.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_vinylcontrol_cue_on.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_vinylcontrol_indicator_horizontal1.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_vinylcontrol_indicator_horizontal2.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_vinylcontrol_indicator_horizontal3.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_vinylcontrol_indicator_vertical1.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_vinylcontrol_indicator_vertical2.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_vinylcontrol_indicator_vertical3.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_vinylcontrol_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_vinylcontrol_passthrough.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_vinylcontrol_passthrough_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn/btn_vinylcontrol_rel.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn_link_type/btn_link_type_inverted.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn_link_type/btn_link_type_left.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn_link_type/btn_link_type_left_right.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn_link_type/btn_link_type_linked.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn_link_type/btn_link_type_none.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/btn_link_type/btn_link_type_right.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/dark.qss
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/deck.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/deck_effect.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/deck_transport.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/ducking.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/effect_parameter_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/effect_parameter_knob.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/effect_parameters.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/effect_selector_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/effectrow.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/effectslotsmall.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/effectunit_border.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/effectunit_parameters.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/effectunitsmall.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knob_crossfader.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knob_pitch.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knob_pitch_sampler.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knob_visual_key.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knob_volume.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knob_volume_previewdeck.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s0.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s1.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s10.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s11.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s12.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s13.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s14.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s15.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s16.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s17.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s18.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s19.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s2.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s20.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s21.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s22.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s23.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s24.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s25.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s26.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s27.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s28.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s29.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s3.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s30.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s31.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s32.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s33.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s34.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s35.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s36.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s37.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s38.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s39.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s4.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s40.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s41.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s42.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s43.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s44.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s45.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s46.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s47.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s48.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s49.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s5.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s50.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s51.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s52.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s53.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s54.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s55.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s56.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s57.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s58.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s59.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s6.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s60.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s61.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s62.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s63.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s7.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s8.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs/knob_rotary_s9.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s0.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s1.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s10.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s11.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s12.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s13.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s14.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s15.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s16.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s17.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s18.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s19.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s2.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s20.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s21.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s22.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s23.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s24.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s25.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s26.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s27.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s28.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s29.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s3.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s30.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s31.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s32.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s33.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s34.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s35.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s36.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s37.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s38.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s39.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s4.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s40.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s41.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s42.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s43.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s44.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s45.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s46.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s47.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s48.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s49.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s5.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s50.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s51.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s52.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s53.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s54.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s55.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s56.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s57.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s58.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s59.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s6.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s60.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s61.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s62.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s63.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s7.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s8.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/knobs_no_center/knob_rotary_s9.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/looping.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/microphone.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/mixer_panel.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/preferences_preview_screenshot.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/preview_deck.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/sampler.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/samplerrow.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/samplersmall.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/skin.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/slider_crossfader.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/slider_pitch.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/slider_pitch_sampler.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/slider_visual_key.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/slider_volume.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/slider_volume_previewdeck.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/srcfx.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/srcmicrophoneaux.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/srcrow.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style-mac.qss
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style.qss
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/mixxx-icon-logo-symbolic.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_auxiliary.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_deck_border.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_deck_botom_mid.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_deck_pane.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_deck_right.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_deck_top_left.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_deck_top_mid.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_deck_woverview.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_deck_woverview_buttons.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_ducking.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_effect1_high.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_effect2_high.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_effectunit.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_effectunit_right.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_looping.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_microphone.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_mixer_panel.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_sampler_bottom.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_sampler_mid.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_sampler_right.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_sampler_top.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_sampler_vu.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_sampler_woverview_buttons.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_src.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_vinylcontrol.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_bg_waveform.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_branch_closed.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_branch_closed_selected.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_branch_open.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_branch_open_selected.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_handle_checked.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/style_handle_unchecked.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/tab_effectrack.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/tab_effectrack_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/tab_microphone.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/tab_microphone_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/tab_sampler.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/tab_sampler_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/tab_vinylcontrol.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/tab_vinylcontrol_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/volume_clipping.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/volume_clipping_master.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/volume_clipping_master_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/volume_clipping_microphone.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/volume_clipping_microphone_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/volume_clipping_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/volume_clipping_previewdeck.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/volume_clipping_previewdeck_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/volume_clipping_sampler.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/volume_clipping_sampler_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/volume_display.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/volume_display_master.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/volume_display_master_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/volume_display_microphone.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/volume_display_microphone_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/volume_display_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/volume_display_previewdeck.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/volume_display_previewdeck_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/volume_display_sampler.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/style/volume_display_sampler_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/summer_sunset.qss
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/vinyl_spinny_background.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/vinyl_spinny_foreground.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/vinyl_spinny_foreground_ghost.png
share/mixxx/skins/Shade/vinylcontrol.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango (64 Samplers)/preferences_preview_screenshot.png
share/mixxx/skins/Tango (64 Samplers)/sampler_rack.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango (64 Samplers)/skin.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango (64 Samplers)/skin_settings.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango (64 Samplers)/skin_settings_sampler_rows_64.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/aux_unit.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_1state.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_1state_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_1state_right_display.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_1state_right_persist.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_2state.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_2state_display.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_2state_highlight.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_2state_persist.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_2state_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_2state_right_display.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_3state.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_3state_display.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_3state_persist.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_4state_display.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_5state.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_5state_display.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_deck_control_1state_opt.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_deck_control_1state_perm.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_deck_control_2state_opt.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_deck_control_2state_perm.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_deck_control_3state_opt.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_deck_control_3state_perm.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_hotcue_deck.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_hotcue_sam_pre.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/button_loopsize.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_2decks.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_4decks.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_arrow_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_arrow_down_black.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_arrow_down_black_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_arrow_down_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_arrow_left.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_arrow_left_black.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_arrow_left_black_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_arrow_left_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_arrow_right.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_arrow_right_black.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_arrow_right_black_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_arrow_right_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_arrow_up.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_arrow_up_black.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_arrow_up_black_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_arrow_up_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_aux_unit.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_aux_xfader_center.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_aux_xfader_left.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_aux_xfader_right.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_backward.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_backward_pressed.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_beatbox_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_beatbox_down_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_beatbox_up.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_beatbox_up_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_beats_curpos.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_beats_earlier.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_beats_faster.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_beats_later.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_beats_slower.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_booth.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_broadcast_connected.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_broadcast_connecting.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_broadcast_failure.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_broadcast_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_broadcast_off_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_broadcast_warning.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_deck1_vu_label.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_deck2_vu_label.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_deck3_vu_label.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_deck4_vu_label.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_eject.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_eject_pressed.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_forward.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_forward_pressed.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_fx_focus_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_fx_focus_off_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_fx_focus_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_fx_focus_on_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_fx_head_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_fx_head_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_fx_master_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_fx_master_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_fx_mixmode_d+w.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_fx_mixmode_d-w.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_fx_selector_list.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_fx_selector_list_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_head.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_headSplit_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_headSplit_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_hotcues_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_hotcues_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_key_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_key_down_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_key_match.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_key_match_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_key_up.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_key_up_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_keylock_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_keylock_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_lib_bpm_locked.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_lib_bpm_unlocked.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_lib_checkmark.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_lib_maxi.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_lib_maxi_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_lib_mini.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_lib_mini_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_lib_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_lib_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_lib_preview_pause.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_lib_preview_play.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_lib_radio_button_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_lib_radio_button_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_logo_102x24.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_logo_102x24_grey.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_loop.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_loop_beatjump_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_loop_beatjump_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_loop_in.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_loop_in_active.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_loop_indicator_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_loop_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_loop_out.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_loop_out_active.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_master.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_master_head_mixer.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_master_vu_label.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_mic_aux_mute.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_mic_aux_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_mic_aux_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_mic_section.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_mic_unit.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_mixer_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_mixer_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_pause_deck.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_pause_previewdeck.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_pause_sampler.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_pfl_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_pfl_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_play_deck.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_play_previewdeck.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_play_sampler.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_quantize_hidden.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_quantize_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_quantize_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_quantize_visible.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_rate_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_rate_down_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_rate_up.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_rate_up_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_reloop_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_reloop_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_repeat_hidden.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_repeat_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_repeat_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_repeat_visible.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_sampler_eject.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_sampler_eject_pressed.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_sampler_keylock_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_sampler_keylock_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_sampler_quantize_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_sampler_quantize_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_sampler_repeat_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_sampler_repeat_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_sampler_sync_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_sampler_sync_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_sampler_xfader_center.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_sampler_xfader_left_white.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_sampler_xfader_right_white.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_samplers_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_samplers_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_skinsettings_close.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_skinsettings_close_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_skinsettings_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_skinsettings_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_slipmode_hidden.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_slipmode_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_slipmode_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_slipmode_visible.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_stars_hidden.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_stars_visible.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_sync.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_vinyl_left.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_vinyl_left_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_vinyl_pass_left.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_vinyl_pass_left_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_vinyl_pass_right.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_vinyl_pass_right_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_vinyl_right.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_vinyl_right_hover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_wave_off.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_wave_on.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_xfader_center.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_xfader_center_attention.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_xfader_left.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_xfader_left_attention.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_xfader_right.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_xfader_right_attention.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/buttons/btn_xfader_visible.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/deck_left.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/deck_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/deck_row_artist_title_left.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/deck_row_artist_title_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/deck_row_comment_left.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/deck_row_comment_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/deck_row_loop_jump.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/deck_row_overview_left.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/deck_row_overview_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/deck_row_transport_left.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/deck_row_transport_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/decks_12.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/decks_34.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/eq_knob_left.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/eq_knob_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/fx_assign_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/fx_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/fx_flow_focus_background.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/fx_flow_focus_separator.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/fx_flow_noFocus_separator.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/fx_focus_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/fx_master_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/fx_metaknob.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/fx_parameter_button.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/fx_parameter_knob.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/fx_parameter_row.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/fx_toggle_selector.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/fx_unit_left.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/fx_unit_left_mini.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/fx_unit_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/fx_unit_right_mini.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/fx_units_12.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/fx_units_34.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/batt/battery_0_charging.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/batt/battery_0_discharging.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/batt/battery_1_charging.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/batt/battery_1_discharging.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/batt/battery_2_charging.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/batt/battery_2_discharging.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/batt/battery_3_charging.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/batt/battery_3_discharging.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/batt/battery_4_charging.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/batt/battery_4_discharging.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/batt/battery_5_charging.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/batt/battery_5_discharging.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/batt/battery_6_charging.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/batt/battery_6_discharging.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/batt/battery_7_charging.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/batt/battery_7_discharging.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/batt/battery_8_charging.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/batt/battery_8_discharging.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/batt/battery_9_charging.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/batt/battery_9_discharging.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/batt/battery_charged.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/blank_1x1.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/branch_closed.png
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/branch_open.png
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/cover_default.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/cover_default_mini.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/cover_default_mini_1.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/cover_default_mini_2.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/cover_default_mini_3.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/cover_default_mini_4.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/fxFlow_maxi_focus_bottom.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/fxFlow_maxi_focus_top.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/fxFlow_maxi_noFocus.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/fxFlow_maxi_noFocus_Fx1-2-3.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/fxFlow_mini_focus_left.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/fxFlow_mini_focus_right.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/fxFlow_mini_noFocus_Fx1-2-3.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/latency_usage.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/latency_usage_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/library_sort_down.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/library_sort_up.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/logo_160x40.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/passthrough_play_cover.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/pitch_rate_label.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/pitch_rate_label_0.08.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/rec_dot.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/spinnyMini_1_mask.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/spinnyMini_2_mask.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/spinnyMini_3_mask.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/spinnyMini_4_mask.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/spinnyMini_bg.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/spinnyMini_indicator.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/spinnyMini_indicator_ghost.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/spinny_bg.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/spinny_indicator.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/spinny_indicator_ghost.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/spinny_mask.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/splitterHori_handle.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/splitterHori_handle_pressed.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/splitterVert_handle.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/splitterVert_handle_pressed.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_floating.png
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_floating.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_floating_clipping.png
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_floating_clipping.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_floating_clipping_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_floating_clipping_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_floating_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_floating_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_mini.png
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_mini.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_mini_clipping.png
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_mini_clipping.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_mini_clipping_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_mini_clipping_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_mini_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_mini_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_mixer.png
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_mixer.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_mixer_clipping.png
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_mixer_clipping.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_mixer_clipping_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_mixer_clipping_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_mixer_over.png
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/graphics/vumeter_mixer_over.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/hotcues_deck_left.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/hotcues_deck_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/hotcues_sampler_preview.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/jump_controls.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/knob_textless.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/knobs_sliders/balance_handle.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/knobs_sliders/balance_scale.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/knobs_sliders/crossfader_handle.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/knobs_sliders/crossfader_scale.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/knobs_sliders/headMix_handle.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/knobs_sliders/headMix_scale.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/knobs_sliders/knob_bg.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/knobs_sliders/knob_bg_disabled.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/knobs_sliders/knob_bg_fx_parameter.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/knobs_sliders/knob_blue.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/knobs_sliders/knob_fx_yellow.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/knobs_sliders/knob_red.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/knobs_sliders/knob_tiny_red.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/knobs_sliders/knob_white.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/knobs_sliders/knob_yellow.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/knobs_sliders/pitch_handle.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/knobs_sliders/pitch_sampler_handle.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/knobs_sliders/pitch_sampler_scale.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/knobs_sliders/pitch_scale.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/knobs_sliders/volume_handle.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/knobs_sliders/volume_scale.svg
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/library.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/loop_controls.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/loop_indicator.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/loop_sizes.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/mic_aux_rack.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/mic_unit.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/mixer_channel_left.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/mixer_channel_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/mixer_headphone.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/mixer_master_booth.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/pfl_cover.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/preferences_preview_screenshot.png
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/preview_deck.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/preview_headmixer_cover.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/quick_fx_knob_left.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/quick_fx_knob_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/rate_pitch_key.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/sampler.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/sampler_rack.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/sampler_row.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/size_detector_deck_controls_toggle.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/size_detector_stars.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/skin.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/skin_settings.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/skin_settings_button_2state.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/skin_settings_button_multi.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/skin_settings_button_sampler_rows.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/skin_settings_sampler_rows_16.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/spacer_center.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/spinnyCover_maxi.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/spinnyCover_mini.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/statuslight_4state.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/style-mac.qss
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/style.qss
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/topbar.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/vinyl_controls_left.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/vinyl_controls_right.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/vumeter_floating.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/vumeter_master.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/vumeter_mini.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/vumeter_mixer.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/waveform.xml
share/mixxx/skins/Tango/waveforms_container.xml
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_ar.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_ast.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_bg.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_br.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_bs.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_ca-ES.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_ca.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_ceb.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_cs.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_da.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_de.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_el-GR.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_el.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_en.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_en_GB.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_eo.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_es-ES.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_es-MX.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_es.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_et.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_eu.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_fa.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_fi.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_fr-FR.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_fr.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_ga.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_gl.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_he-IL.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_he.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_hr.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_hu.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_hy.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_ia.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_id.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_is.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_it.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_ja.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_ko.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_ky.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_lb.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_lt.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_lv.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_mk.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_ml.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_mn.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_mr.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_ms.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_my.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_nb.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_nl-BE.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_nl-NL.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_nl.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_nn.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_oc.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_pl.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_pt-PT.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_pt.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_pt_BR.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_ro.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_ru.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_si.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_sk.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_sl.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_sn.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_sq-AL.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_sr.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_sv.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_ta.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_te.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_tr.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_uk.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_uz.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_vi.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_zh-HK.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_zh_CN.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_zh_TW.Big5.qm
share/mixxx/translations/mixxx_zh_TW.qm
share/pixmaps/mixxx_icon.svg
