@comment $NetBSD: PLIST,v 1.2 2019/12/02 13:34:33 nia Exp $
bin/ardour5
bin/ardour5-copy-mixer
bin/ardour5-export
bin/ardour5-fix_bbtppq
lib/ardour5/LV2/a-comp.lv2/a-comp#stereo.ttl
lib/ardour5/LV2/a-comp.lv2/a-comp.so
lib/ardour5/LV2/a-comp.lv2/a-comp.ttl
lib/ardour5/LV2/a-comp.lv2/manifest.ttl
lib/ardour5/LV2/a-comp.lv2/presets.ttl
lib/ardour5/LV2/a-delay.lv2/a-delay.so
lib/ardour5/LV2/a-delay.lv2/a-delay.ttl
lib/ardour5/LV2/a-delay.lv2/manifest.ttl
lib/ardour5/LV2/a-delay.lv2/presets.ttl
lib/ardour5/LV2/a-eq.lv2/a-eq.so
lib/ardour5/LV2/a-eq.lv2/a-eq.ttl
lib/ardour5/LV2/a-eq.lv2/manifest.ttl
lib/ardour5/LV2/a-fluidsynth.lv2/a-fluidsynth.so
lib/ardour5/LV2/a-fluidsynth.lv2/a-fluidsynth.ttl
lib/ardour5/LV2/a-fluidsynth.lv2/manifest.ttl
lib/ardour5/LV2/a-reverb.lv2/a-reverb.so
lib/ardour5/LV2/a-reverb.lv2/a-reverb.ttl
lib/ardour5/LV2/a-reverb.lv2/manifest.ttl
lib/ardour5/LV2/reasonablesynth.lv2/manifest.ttl
lib/ardour5/LV2/reasonablesynth.lv2/reasonablesynth.so
lib/ardour5/LV2/reasonablesynth.lv2/reasonablesynth.ttl
lib/ardour5/${PKGNAME}
lib/ardour5/ardour-exec-wrapper
lib/ardour5/ardour-vst-scanner
${PLIST.alsa}lib/ardour5/backends/libalsa_audiobackend.so
lib/ardour5/backends/libdummy_audiobackend.so
${PLIST.jack}lib/ardour5/backends/libjack_audiobackend.so
lib/ardour5/engines/libclearlooks.so
lib/ardour5/h${PKGNAME}
lib/ardour5/libardour.so
lib/ardour5/libardour.so.3
lib/ardour5/libardour.so.3.0.0
lib/ardour5/libardourcp.so
lib/ardour5/libaudiographer.so
lib/ardour5/libaudiographer.so.0
lib/ardour5/libaudiographer.so.0.0.0
lib/ardour5/libcanvas.so
lib/ardour5/libcanvas.so.0
lib/ardour5/libcanvas.so.0.0.0
lib/ardour5/libevoral.so
lib/ardour5/libevoral.so.0
lib/ardour5/libevoral.so.0.0.0
lib/ardour5/libgtkmm2ext.so
lib/ardour5/libgtkmm2ext.so.0
lib/ardour5/libgtkmm2ext.so.0.8.3
lib/ardour5/libmidipp.so
lib/ardour5/libmidipp.so.4
lib/ardour5/libmidipp.so.4.1.0
lib/ardour5/libpbd.so
lib/ardour5/libpbd.so.4
lib/ardour5/libpbd.so.4.1.0
lib/ardour5/libptformat.so
lib/ardour5/libptformat.so.0
lib/ardour5/libptformat.so.0.0.0
lib/ardour5/libqm-dsp.a
lib/ardour5/libtimecode.so
lib/ardour5/libwaveview.so
lib/ardour5/libwaveview.so.0
lib/ardour5/libwaveview.so.0.0.0
lib/ardour5/libwidgets.so
lib/ardour5/libwidgets.so.0
lib/ardour5/libwidgets.so.0.0.0
lib/ardour5/panners/libpan1in2out.so
lib/ardour5/panners/libpan2in2out.so
lib/ardour5/panners/libpanbalance.so
lib/ardour5/panners/libpanvbap.so
lib/ardour5/sanityCheck
lib/ardour5/surfaces/libardour_cc121.so
lib/ardour5/surfaces/libardour_faderport.so
lib/ardour5/surfaces/libardour_faderport8.so
lib/ardour5/surfaces/libardour_generic_midi.so
lib/ardour5/surfaces/libardour_mcp.so
lib/ardour5/surfaces/libardour_osc.so
lib/ardour5/surfaces/libardour_push2.so
lib/ardour5/utils/ardour-util.sh
lib/ardour5/utils/ardour5-copy-mixer
lib/ardour5/utils/ardour5-export
lib/ardour5/utils/ardour5-fix_bbtppq
lib/ardour5/vamp/libardourvampplugins.so
lib/ardour5/vamp/libardourvampplugins.so.0
lib/ardour5/vamp/libardourvampplugins.so.0.0.0
share/appdata/ardour5.appdata.xml
share/applications/ardour5.desktop
share/ardour5/ArdourMono.ttf
share/ardour5/export/BWAV 24bit Export.format
share/ardour5/export/BWAV 32float Export.format
share/ardour5/export/CD (Red Book).format
share/ardour5/export/CD + DVD-A.preset
share/ardour5/export/CD + FLAC (tagged).preset
share/ardour5/export/CD + FLAC.preset
share/ardour5/export/CD + Ogg_Vorbis (tagged).preset
share/ardour5/export/CD + Ogg_Vorbis + FLAC (tagged).preset
share/ardour5/export/CD + Ogg_Vorbis.preset
share/ardour5/export/CD only.preset
share/ardour5/export/DVD-A only.preset
share/ardour5/export/DVD-A.format
share/ardour5/export/FLAC (tagged).preset
share/ardour5/export/FLAC 24 bit (tagged).format
share/ardour5/export/FLAC 24 bit .format
share/ardour5/export/FLAC.preset
share/ardour5/export/Ogg_Vorbis (tagged).format
share/ardour5/export/Ogg_Vorbis (tagged).preset
share/ardour5/export/Ogg_Vorbis + FLAC (tagged).preset
share/ardour5/export/Ogg_Vorbis + FLAC.preset
share/ardour5/export/Ogg_Vorbis .preset
share/ardour5/export/Ogg_Vorbis.format
share/ardour5/export/Ring Tone.format
share/ardour5/icons/act-disabled.png
share/ardour5/icons/add.png
share/ardour5/icons/anchored_trim_left_cursor.png
share/ardour5/icons/anchored_trim_right_cursor.png
share/ardour5/icons/application-x-ardour_16px.png
share/ardour5/icons/application-x-ardour_22px.png
share/ardour5/icons/application-x-ardour_32px.png
share/ardour5/icons/application-x-ardour_48px.png
share/ardour5/icons/ardour-app-icon_osx.png
share/ardour5/icons/ardour-app-icon_osx_mask.png
share/ardour5/icons/cc121.png
share/ardour5/icons/chord.png
share/ardour5/icons/close.png
share/ardour5/icons/computer_keyboard.png
share/ardour5/icons/computer_keyboard_active.png
share/ardour5/icons/eighthnote.png
share/ardour5/icons/expand_left_right_cursor.png
share/ardour5/icons/expand_up_down_cursor.png
share/ardour5/icons/fade_in_cursor.png
share/ardour5/icons/fade_out_cursor.png
share/ardour5/icons/fadein-constant-power.png
share/ardour5/icons/fadein-fast-cut.png
share/ardour5/icons/fadein-linear.png
share/ardour5/icons/fadein-slow-cut.png
share/ardour5/icons/fadein-symmetric.png
share/ardour5/icons/fadeout-constant-power.png
share/ardour5/icons/fadeout-fast-cut.png
share/ardour5/icons/fadeout-linear.png
share/ardour5/icons/fadeout-slow-cut.png
share/ardour5/icons/fadeout-symmetric.png
share/ardour5/icons/faderport-small.png
share/ardour5/icons/faderport8-small.png
share/ardour5/icons/ferret_02.png
share/ardour5/icons/forte.png
share/ardour5/icons/fortissimo.png
share/ardour5/icons/fortississimo.png
share/ardour5/icons/grabber.png
share/ardour5/icons/grabber_edit_point.png
share/ardour5/icons/grabber_note.png
share/ardour5/icons/halfnote.png
share/ardour5/icons/i_beam_cursor.png
share/ardour5/icons/mezzforte.png
share/ardour5/icons/mezzoforte.png
share/ardour5/icons/mezzopiano.png
share/ardour5/icons/midi-input-active.png
share/ardour5/icons/midi-input-inactive.png
share/ardour5/icons/midi_socket_small.png
share/ardour5/icons/midi_sound_notes.png
share/ardour5/icons/midi_tool_erase.png
share/ardour5/icons/midi_tool_pencil.png
share/ardour5/icons/midi_tool_select.png
share/ardour5/icons/move_cursor.png
share/ardour5/icons/mute-disabled.png
share/ardour5/icons/mute-enabled.png
share/ardour5/icons/muted-by-others.png
share/ardour5/icons/padlock_closed.png
share/ardour5/icons/padlock_open.png
share/ardour5/icons/pianissimo.png
share/ardour5/icons/pianississimo.png
share/ardour5/icons/piano.png
share/ardour5/icons/push2-small.png
share/ardour5/icons/quarternote.png
share/ardour5/icons/rec-enabled.png
share/ardour5/icons/rec-in-progress.png
share/ardour5/icons/rec-safe-disabled.png
share/ardour5/icons/rec-safe-enabled.png
share/ardour5/icons/record-normal-disabled.png
share/ardour5/icons/record-normal-enabled.png
share/ardour5/icons/record-normal-in-progress.png
share/ardour5/icons/record-step.png
share/ardour5/icons/record_disabled_grey.png
share/ardour5/icons/record_normal_red.png
share/ardour5/icons/record_tape_red.png
share/ardour5/icons/resize_bottom_cursor.png
share/ardour5/icons/resize_bottom_left_cursor.png
share/ardour5/icons/resize_bottom_right_cursor.png
share/ardour5/icons/resize_left_cursor.png
share/ardour5/icons/resize_right_cursor.png
share/ardour5/icons/resize_top_cursor.png
share/ardour5/icons/resize_top_left_cursor.png
share/ardour5/icons/resize_top_right_cursor.png
share/ardour5/icons/sae.png
share/ardour5/icons/scissors.png
share/ardour5/icons/search.png
share/ardour5/icons/sixteenthnote.png
share/ardour5/icons/sixtyfourthnote.png
share/ardour5/icons/solo-disabled.png
share/ardour5/icons/solo-enabled.png
share/ardour5/icons/solo-isolate-disabled.png
share/ardour5/icons/solo-isolate-enabled.png
share/ardour5/icons/solo-isolated.png
share/ardour5/icons/solo-safe-disabled.png
share/ardour5/icons/solo-safe-enabled.png
share/ardour5/icons/solo-safe-icon.png
share/ardour5/icons/soloed-by-others.png
share/ardour5/icons/soundcloud.png
share/ardour5/icons/thirtysecondnote.png
share/ardour5/icons/time_exp.png
share/ardour5/icons/trim_bottom_cursor.png
share/ardour5/icons/trim_left_cursor.png
share/ardour5/icons/trim_left_cursor_5.png
share/ardour5/icons/trim_left_cursor_right_only.png
share/ardour5/icons/trim_right_cursor.png
share/ardour5/icons/trim_right_cursor_5.png
share/ardour5/icons/trim_right_cursor_left_only.png
share/ardour5/icons/trim_top_cursor.png
share/ardour5/icons/wholenote.png
share/ardour5/icons/zoom_in_cursor.png
share/ardour5/icons/zoom_out_cursor.png
share/ardour5/mcp/SSL Nucleus Ardour.profile
share/ardour5/mcp/artist_control.device
share/ardour5/mcp/artist_mix.device
share/ardour5/mcp/bcf2000.device
share/ardour5/mcp/cmc.device
share/ardour5/mcp/mc+xt+xt.device
share/ardour5/mcp/mc+xt.device
share/ardour5/mcp/mc.device
share/ardour5/mcp/mcpro.device
share/ardour5/mcp/mcproxt.device
share/ardour5/mcp/midikbd.device
share/ardour5/mcp/nucleus-platform-midi.device
share/ardour5/mcp/nucleus.device
share/ardour5/mcp/qcon.device
share/ardour5/mcp/user.profile
share/ardour5/mcp/x-touch-compact.device
share/ardour5/mcp/x-touch-mini.device
share/ardour5/mcp/x-touch.device
share/ardour5/mcp/xt+mc+xt.device
share/ardour5/mcp/xt+mc.device
share/ardour5/mcp/xt+xt+mc.device
share/ardour5/midi_maps/AKAI_MIDIMix_EQ_Mode.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/AKAI_MIDIMix_Normal_Mode.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/AKAI_MPK61.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/AKAI_MPKmini.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/Alesis_QX25.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/Arturia_KeyLab49.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/DDX3216.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/Korg_nanoKONTROL.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/Korg_nanoKONTROL2.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/Korg_nanoKONTROL2_With_Master.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/Korg_nanoKONTROL_Master.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/Korg_nanoKONTROL_Studio.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/Korg_taktile.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/M-Audio_Axiom25.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/M-Audio_Axiom61.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/M-Audio_Axiom_Air_25_2015_Model_Transport_Only.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/M-Audio_Oxygen49.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/M-Audio_Oxygen61v3.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/Novation Impulse 49.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/Novation_Impulse61.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/Novation_LaunchControl_XL.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/Novation_LaunchKey25.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/Roland_SI-24.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/Roland_V_Studio_20.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/Yamaha_KX25.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/akai-mpd-32.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/bcf2000.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/bcf2000_mackie.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/m-audio-oxygen61v3.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/m-audio_oxygen25.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/m-audio_oxygen8v2.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/midikb_wiimote.map
share/ardour5/midi_maps/xboard-61.map
share/ardour5/osc/TTC2.preset
share/ardour5/osc/basic-touchosc.preset
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Alesis_DM5.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Alesis_NanoBass.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Alesis_NanoPiano.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Alesis_QS78.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Casio_CZ-1.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Clavia_Nord_Lead_II.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/DSI_Evolver.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/DSI_Mopho.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/DSI_Tetra.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Digidesign_MP1.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Dynacord_DRP-20X.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/E-mu_Mo_Phatt.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/E-mu_Orbit-3.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/E-mu_Proteus_2000.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/E-mu_XL-1.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Eventide_Eclipse.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Gotharmoon_deMoon.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Jomox_MBase_11.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Korg_ER-1.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Korg_Karma.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Korg_MS2000R.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Korg_MicroKORG.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Korg_NX5R.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Korg_Radias.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Korg_TR_Workstation.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Korg_Trinity_Track.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Korg_Triton.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Korg_Triton_Rack.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Korg_Volca_Bass.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Korg_Volca_Beats.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Korg_Volca_Keys.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Kurzweil_Mark-12-152.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Kurzweil_PX_Plus.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Kurzweil_SP88x.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Lexicon_MX300.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Line_6_EchoPro.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Line_6_FilterPro.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Line_6_ModPro.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Line_6_POD.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/MFB_503.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/MIDI.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Moog_MF-104M_Analog_Delay.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Moog_MF-108M_Cluster_Flux.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Moog_Minitaur.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Nord_Modular.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Novation_A-Station.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Novation_DrumStation.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Novation_Nova.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Novation_Super_BassStation.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Peavey_DPM-V3.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_Fantom-Xa.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_Fantom.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_FantomX8.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_FantomXR.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_GR-1.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_GR-33.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_JP-8080.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_JV-1010.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_JV-1080.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_JV-2080.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_Juno-106.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_M-BD1.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_RD-250s.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_RD-600.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_RD-700sx.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_RS-9.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_SC-88_Pro.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_SH-32.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_V-Synth-GT.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_XV-2020.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_XV-3080.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_XV-5080.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Roland_XV-88.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Sequential_Circuits_Prophet_600.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/TC_Electronic_M3000.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Waldorf_Blofeld.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Waldorf_Micro_Q.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Yamaha_DX-7.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Yamaha_EX-5.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Yamaha_MM6.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Yamaha_MOTIF-RACK_ES.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Yamaha_MOTIF_XS.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Yamaha_MU10XG.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Yamaha_PSR-275.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Yamaha_PSR-S900.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Yamaha_PSR540.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Yamaha_S90.midnam
share/ardour5/patchfiles/Yamaha_Tyros2.midnam
share/ardour5/resources/Ardour-icon_16px.png
share/ardour5/resources/Ardour-icon_22px.png
share/ardour5/resources/Ardour-icon_256px.png
share/ardour5/resources/Ardour-icon_32px.png
share/ardour5/resources/Ardour-icon_48px.png
share/ardour5/resources/Ardour-icon_512px.png
share/ardour5/resources/Ardour-small-splash.png
share/ardour5/resources/Ardour-splash.png
share/ardour5/scripts/HiAndLowPass.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/add_filters.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/addscopes.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/amp4.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/bounce_replace.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/bypass_all_plugins.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/create_drum_tracks.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/delete_xrun_markers.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/export_mp4chaps.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/faders_to_trims.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/midi_cc_to_automation.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/midimon.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/mute_all_tracks.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/post_export_save_hook.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/preare_record_example.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/remove_unknown_procs.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/s_chanmap.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/s_fader_automation.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/s_foreach_track.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/s_group_color.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/s_import_files.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/s_plugin_automation.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/s_plugin_reorder.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/s_pluginutils.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/s_portengine.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/s_region_gain.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/s_region_gain2.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/s_replaceplugin.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/s_selection.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/s_showhide_track.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/s_timecode.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/s_track_props.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/s_vamp_plugin_index.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/scope.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/select_every_2nd_region.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/send_to_bus.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/session_template_advanced.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/session_template_record.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/spectrogram.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/split_all_markers.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/stop_at_marker.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/synth1.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/template_band.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/tomsloop.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/vamp_audio_to_midi.lua
share/ardour5/scripts/voice_activate.lua
share/ardour5/templates/.stub
share/ardour5/themes/blueberry_milk-ardour.colors
share/ardour5/themes/caineville-ardour.colors
share/ardour5/themes/clear_gray-ardour.colors
share/ardour5/themes/cubasish-ardour.colors
share/ardour5/themes/dark-ardour.colors
share/ardour5/themes/unastudia-ardour.colors
share/examples/ardour5/ardour.keys
share/examples/ardour5/ardour.menus
share/examples/ardour5/clearlooks.rc
share/examples/ardour5/default_ui_config
share/examples/ardour5/system_config
share/examples/ardour5/trx.menus
share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/ardour5.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/apps/ardour5.png
share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/ardour5.png
share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/ardour5.png
share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/ardour5.png
share/icons/hicolor/512x512/apps/ardour5.png
