ARCHIVE_WRITE_OPTIONS(3) manual page 
== NAME == 
'''archive_write_set_filter_option''', 
'''archive_write_set_format_option''', 
'''archive_write_set_option''', 
'''archive_write_set_options''' 
- functions controlling options for reading archives 
== LIBRARY == 
Streaming Archive Library (libarchive, -larchive) 
== SYNOPSIS == 
<br> 
'''int''' 
<br> 
'''archive_write_set_filter_option'''(''struct archive *'', ''const char *module'', ''const char *option'', ''const char *value''); 
<br> 
'''int''' 
<br> 
'''archive_write_set_format_option'''(''struct archive *'', ''const char *module'', ''const char *option'', ''const char *value''); 
<br> 
'''int''' 
<br> 
'''archive_write_set_option'''(''struct archive *'', ''const char *module'', ''const char *option'', ''const char *value''); 
<br> 
'''int''' 
<br> 
'''archive_write_set_options'''(''struct archive *'', ''const char *options''); 
== DESCRIPTION == 
These functions provide a way for libarchive clients to configure 
specific write modules. 
<dl> 
<dt> 
'''archive_write_set_filter_option'''(), 
'''archive_write_set_format_option'''() 
</dt> <dd> 
Specifies an option that will be passed to currently-registered 
filters (including decompression filters) or format readers. 

If 
''option'' 
and 
''value'' 
are both 
NULL, 
these functions will do nothing and 
'''ARCHIVE_OK''' 
will be returned. 
If 
''option'' 
is 
NULL 
but 
''value'' 
is not, these functions will do nothing and 
'''ARCHIVE_FAILED''' 
will be returned. 

If 
''module'' 
is not 
NULL, 
''option'' 
and 
''value'' 
will be provided to the filter or reader named 
''module''. 
The return value will be that of the module. 
If there is no such module, 
'''ARCHIVE_FAILED''' 
will be returned. 

If 
''module'' 
is 
NULL, 
''option'' 
and 
''value'' 
will be provided to every registered module. 
If any module returns 
'''ARCHIVE_FATAL''', 
this value will be returned immediately. 
Otherwise, 
'''ARCHIVE_OK''' 
will be returned if any module accepts the option, and 
'''ARCHIVE_FAILED''' 
in all other cases. 
</dd><dt> 
'''archive_write_set_option'''() 
</dt> <dd> 
Calls 
'''archive_write_set_format_option'''(), 
then 
'''archive_write_set_filter_option'''(). 
If either function returns 
'''ARCHIVE_FATAL''', 
'''ARCHIVE_FATAL''' 
will be returned 
immediately. 
Otherwise, greater of the two values will be returned. 
</dd><dt> 
'''archive_write_set_options'''() 
</dt> <dd> 
''options'' 
is a comma-separated list of options. 
If 
''options'' 
is 
NULL 
or empty, 
'''ARCHIVE_OK''' 
will be returned immediately. 

Individual options have one of the following forms: 
<dl> 
<dt>''option=value''</dt><dd> 
The option/value pair will be provided to every module. 
Modules that do not accept an option with this name will ignore it. 
</dd><dt>''option''</dt><dd> 
The option will be provided to every module with a value of 
"1". 
</dd><dt>''!option''</dt><dd> 
The option will be provided to every module with a NULL value. 
</dd><dt>''module:option=value'', ''module:option'', ''module:!option''</dt><dd> 
As above, but the corresponding option and value will be provided 
only to modules whose name matches 
''module''. 
</dd></dl> 
</dd></dl> 
== OPTIONS == 
<dl> 
<dt>Filter gzip</dt><dd> 
<dl> 
<dt>'''compression-level'''</dt><dd> 
The value is interpreted as a decimal integer specifying the 
gzip compression level. 
</dd></dl> 
</dd><dt>Filter xz</dt><dd> 
<dl> 
<dt>'''compression-level'''</dt><dd> 
The value is interpreted as a decimal integer specifying the 
compression level. 
</dd></dl> 
</dd><dt>Format mtree</dt><dd> 
<dl> 
<dt>'''cksum''', '''device''', '''flags''', '''gid''', '''gname''', '''indent''', '''link''', '''md5''', '''mode''', '''nlink''', '''rmd160''', '''sha1''', '''sha256''', '''sha384''', '''sha512''', '''size''', '''time''', '''uid''', '''uname'''</dt><dd> 
Enable a particular keyword in the mtree output. 
Prefix with an exclamation mark to disable the corresponding keyword. 
The default is equivalent to 
"device, flags, gid, gname, link, mode, nlink, size, time, type, uid, uname". 
</dd><dt>'''all'''</dt><dd> 
Enables all of the above keywords. 
</dd><dt>'''use-set'''</dt><dd> 
Enables generation of 
'''/set''' 
lines that specify default values for the following files and/or directories. 
</dd><dt>'''indent'''</dt><dd> 
XXX needs explanation XXX 
</dd></dl> 
</dd><dt>Format iso9660 - volume metadata</dt><dd> 
These options are used to set standard ISO9660 metadata. 
<dl> 
<dt>'''abstract-file'''=''filename''</dt><dd> 
The file with the specified name will be identified in the ISO9660 metadata 
as holding the abstract for this volume.  Default: none. 
</dd><dt>'''application-id'''=''filename''</dt><dd> 
The file with the specified name will be identified in the ISO9660 metadata 
as holding the application identifier for this volume.  Default: none. 
</dd><dt>'''biblio-file'''=''filename''</dt><dd> 
The file with the specified name will be identified in the ISO9660 metadata 
as holding the bibliography for this volume.  Default: none. 
</dd><dt>'''copyright-file'''=''filename''</dt><dd> 
The file with the specified name will be identified in the ISO9660 metadata 
as holding the copyright for this volume.  Default: none. 
</dd><dt>'''publisher'''=''filename''</dt><dd> 
The file with the specified name will be identified in the ISO9660 metadata 
as holding the publisher information for this volume.  Default: none. 
</dd><dt>'''volume-id'''=''string''</dt><dd> 
The specified string will be used as the Volume Identifier in the ISO9660 metadata. 
It is limited to 32 bytes. Default: none. 
</dd></dl> 
</dd><dt>Format iso9660 - boot support</dt><dd> 
These options are used to make an ISO9660 image that can be directly 
booted on various systems. 
<dl> 
<dt>'''boot'''=''filename''</dt><dd> 
The file matching this name will be used as the El Torito boot image file. 
</dd><dt>'''boot-catalog'''=''name''</dt><dd> 
The name that will be used for the El Torito boot catalog. 
Default: 
''boot.catalog'' 
</dd><dt>'''boot-info-table'''</dt><dd> 
The boot image file provided by the 
'''boot'''=''filename'' 
option will be edited with appropriate boot information in bytes 8 through 64. 
Default: disabled 
</dd><dt>'''boot-load-seg'''=''hexadecimal-number''</dt><dd> 
The load segment for a no-emulation boot image. 
</dd><dt>'''boot-load-size'''=''decimal-number''</dt><dd> 
The number of "virtual" 512-byte sectors to be loaded from a no-emulation boot image. 
Some very old BIOSes can only load very small images, setting this 
value to 4 will often allow such BIOSes to load the first part of 
the boot image (which will then need to be intelligent enough to 
load the rest of itself). 
This should not be needed unless you are trying to support systems with very old BIOSes. 
This defaults to the full size of the image. 
</dd><dt>'''boot-type'''=''value''</dt><dd> 
Specifies the boot semantics used by the El Torito boot image: 
If the 
''value'' 
is 
'''fd''', 
then the boot image is assumed to be a bootable floppy image. 
If the 
''value'' 
is 
'''hd''', 
then the the boot image is assumed to be a bootable hard disk image. 
If the 
''value'' 
is 
'''no-emulation''', 
the boot image is used without floppy or hard disk emulation. 
If the boot image is exactly 1.2MB, 1.44MB, or 2.88MB, then 
the default is 
'''fd''', 
otherwise the default is 
'''no-emulation.''' 
</dd></dl> 
</dd><dt>Format iso9660 - filename and size extensions</dt><dd> 
Various extensions to the base ISO9660 format. 
<dl> 
<dt>'''allow-ldots'''</dt><dd> 
If enabled, allows filenames to begin with a leading period. 
If disabled, filenames that begin with a leading period will have 
that period replaced by an underscore character in the standard ISO9660 
namespace. 
This does not impact names stored in the Rockridge or Joliet extension area. 
Default: disabled. 
</dd><dt>'''allow-lowercase'''</dt><dd> 
If enabled, allows filenames to contain lowercase characters. 
If disabled, filenames will be forced to uppercase. 
This does not impact names stored in the Rockridge or Joliet extension area. 
Default: disabled. 
</dd><dt>'''allow-multidot'''</dt><dd> 
If enabled, allows filenames to contain multiple period characters, in violation of the ISO9660 specification. 
If disabled, additional periods will be converted to underscore characters. 
This does not impact names stored in the Rockridge or Joliet extension area. 
Default: disabled. 
</dd><dt>'''allow-period'''</dt><dd> 
If enabled, allows filenames to contain trailing period characters, in violation of the ISO9660 specification. 
If disabled,trailing periods will be converted to underscore characters. 
This does not impact names stored in the Rockridge or Joliet extension area. 
Default: disabled. 
</dd><dt>'''allow-pvd-lowercase'''</dt><dd> 
If enabled, the Primary Volume Descriptor may contain lowercase ASCII characters, in violation of the ISO9660 specification. 
If disabled, characters will be converted to uppercase ASCII. 
Default: disabled. 
</dd><dt>'''allow-sharp-tilde'''</dt><dd> 
If enabled, sharp and tilde characters will be permitted in filenames, in violation if the ISO9660 specification. 
If disabled, such characters will be converted to underscore characters. 
Default: disabled. 
</dd><dt>'''allow-vernum'''</dt><dd> 
If enabled, version numbers will be included with files. 
If disabled, version numbers will be suppressed, in violation of the ISO9660 standard. 
This does not impact names stored in the Rockridge or Joliet extension area. 
Default: enabled. 
</dd><dt>'''iso-level'''</dt><dd> 
This enables support for file size and file name extensions in the 
core ISO9660 area. 
The name extensions specified here do not affect the names stored in the Rockridge or Joliet extension areas. 
<dl> 
<dt>'''iso-level=1'''</dt><dd> 
The most compliant form of ISO9660 image. 
Filenames are limited to 8.3 uppercase format, 
directory names are limited to 8 uppercase characters, 
files are limited to 4 GiB, 
the complete ISO9660 image cannot exceed 4 GiB. 
</dd><dt>'''iso-level=2'''</dt><dd> 
Filenames are limited to 30 uppercase characters with a 30-character extension, 
directory names are limited to 30 characters, 
files are limited to 4 GiB. 
</dd><dt>'''iso-level=3'''</dt><dd> 
As with 
'''iso-level=2''', 
except that files may exceed 4 GiB. 
</dd><dt>'''iso-level=4'''</dt><dd> 
As with 
'''iso-level=3''', 
except that filenames may be up to 193 characters 
and may include arbitrary 8-bit characters. 
</dd></dl> 
</dd><dt>'''joliet'''</dt><dd> 
Microsoft's Joliet extensions store a completely separate set of directory information about each file. 
In particular, this information includes Unicode filenames of up to 255 characters. 
Default: enabled. 
</dd><dt>'''limit-depth'''</dt><dd> 
If enabled, libarchive will use directory relocation records to ensure that 
no pathname exceeds the ISO9660 limit of 8 directory levels. 
If disabled, no relocation will occur. 
Default: enabled. 
</dd><dt>'''limit-dirs'''</dt><dd> 
If enabled, libarchive will cause an error if there are more than 
65536 directories. 
If disabled, there is no limit on the number of directories. 
Default: enabled 
</dd><dt>'''pad'''</dt><dd> 
If enabled, 300 kiB of zero bytes will be appended to the end of the archive. 
Default: enabled 
</dd><dt>'''relaxed-filenames'''</dt><dd> 
If enabled, all 7-bit ASCII characters are permitted in filenames 
(except lowercase characters unless 
'''allow-lowercase''' 
is also specified). 
This violates ISO9660 standards. 
This does not impact names stored in the Rockridge or Joliet extension area. 
Default: disabled. 
</dd><dt>'''rockridge'''</dt><dd> 
The Rockridge extensions store an additional set of POSIX-style file 
information with each file, including mtime, atime, ctime, permissions, 
and long filenames with arbitrary 8-bit characters. 
These extensions also support symbolic links and other POSIX file types. 
Default: enabled. 
</dd></dl> 
</dd><dt>Format iso9660 - zisofs support</dt><dd> 
The zisofs extensions permit each file to be independently compressed 
using a gzip-compatible compression. 
This can provide significant size savings, but requires the reading 
system to have support for these extensions. 
These extensions are disabled by default. 
<dl> 
<dt>'''compression-level'''=number</dt><dd> 
The compression level used by the deflate compressor. 
Ranges from 0 (least effort) to 9 (most effort). 
Default: 6 
</dd><dt>'''zisofs'''</dt><dd> 
Synonym for 
'''zisofs=direct'''. 
</dd><dt>'''zisofs=direct'''</dt><dd> 
Compress each file in the archive. 
Unlike 
'''zisofs=indirect''', 
this is handled entirely within libarchive and does not require a 
separate utility. 
For best results, libarchive tests each file and will store 
the file uncompressed if the compression does not actually save any space. 
In particular, files under 2k will never be compressed. 
Note that boot image files are never compressed. 
</dd><dt>'''zisofs=indirect'''</dt><dd> 
Recognizes files that have already been compressed with the 
'''mkzftree''' 
utility and sets up the necessary file metadata so that 
readers will correctly identify these as zisofs-compressed files. 
</dd><dt>'''zisofs-exclude'''=''filename''</dt><dd> 
Specifies a filename that should not be compressed when using 
'''zisofs=direct'''. 
This option can be provided multiple times to suppress compression 
on many files. 
</dd></dl> 
</dd></dl> 
== EXAMPLES == 
The following example creates an archive write handle to 
create a gzip-compressed ISO9660 format image. 
The two options here specify that the ISO9660 archive will use 
''kernel.img'' 
as the boot image for El Torito booting, and that the gzip 
compressor should use the maximum compression level. 
```text
a = archive_write_new();
archive_write_add_filter_gzip(a);
archive_write_set_format_iso9660(a);
archive_write_set_options(a, "boot=kernel.img,compression=9");
archive_write_open_filename(a, filename, blocksize);
```
== ERRORS == 
Detailed error codes and textual descriptions are available from the 
'''archive_errno'''() 
and 
'''archive_error_string'''() 
functions. 
== SEE ALSO == 
'''tar'''(1), 
'''libarchive'''(3), 
'''archive_read_set_options'''(3), 
'''archive_write'''(3) 
== HISTORY == 
The 
'''libarchive''' 
library first appeared in 
FreeBSD 5.3. 
== AUTHORS == 
The options support for libarchive was originally implemented by 
Michihiro NAKAJIMA. 
== BUGS == 
