ARCHIVE_READ_OPTIONS(3) manual page 
== NAME == 
'''archive_read_set_filter_option''', 
'''archive_read_set_format_option''', 
'''archive_read_set_option''', 
'''archive_read_set_options''' 
- functions controlling options for reading archives 
== LIBRARY == 
Streaming Archive Library (libarchive, -larchive) 
== SYNOPSIS == 
<br> 
'''int''' 
<br> 
'''archive_read_set_filter_option'''(''struct archive *'', ''const char *module'', ''const char *option'', ''const char *value''); 
<br> 
'''int''' 
<br> 
'''archive_read_set_format_option'''(''struct archive *'', ''const char *module'', ''const char *option'', ''const char *value''); 
<br> 
'''int''' 
<br> 
'''archive_read_set_option'''(''struct archive *'', ''const char *module'', ''const char *option'', ''const char *value''); 
<br> 
'''int''' 
<br> 
'''archive_read_set_options'''(''struct archive *'', ''const char *options''); 
== DESCRIPTION == 
These functions provide a way for libarchive clients to configure 
specific read modules. 
<dl> 
<dt> 
'''archive_read_set_filter_option'''(), 
'''archive_read_set_format_option'''() 
</dt> <dd> 
Specifies an option that will be passed to currently-registered 
filters (including decompression filters) or format readers. 

If 
''option'' 
and 
''value'' 
are both 
NULL, 
these functions will do nothing and 
'''ARCHIVE_OK''' 
will be returned. 
If 
''option'' 
is 
NULL 
but 
''value'' 
is not, these functions will do nothing and 
'''ARCHIVE_FAILED''' 
will be returned. 

If 
''module'' 
is not 
NULL, 
''option'' 
and 
''value'' 
will be provided to the filter or reader named 
''module''. 
The return value will be that of the module. 
If there is no such module, 
'''ARCHIVE_FAILED''' 
will be returned. 

If 
''module'' 
is 
NULL, 
''option'' 
and 
''value'' 
will be provided to every registered module. 
If any module returns 
'''ARCHIVE_FATAL''', 
this value will be returned immediately. 
Otherwise, 
'''ARCHIVE_OK''' 
will be returned if any module accepts the option, and 
'''ARCHIVE_FAILED''' 
in all other cases. 
</dd><dt> 
'''archive_read_set_option'''() 
</dt> <dd> 
Calls 
'''archive_read_set_format_option'''(), 
then 
'''archive_read_set_filter_option'''(). 
If either function returns 
'''ARCHIVE_FATAL''', 
'''ARCHIVE_FATAL''' 
will be returned 
immediately. 
Otherwise, greater of the two values will be returned. 
</dd><dt> 
'''archive_read_set_options'''() 
</dt> <dd> 
''options'' 
is a comma-separated list of options. 
If 
''options'' 
is 
NULL 
or empty, 
'''ARCHIVE_OK''' 
will be returned immediately. 

Calls 
'''archive_read_set_option'''() 
with each option in turn. 
If any 
'''archive_read_set_option'''() 
call returns 
'''ARCHIVE_FATAL''', 
'''ARCHIVE_FATAL''' 
will be returned immediately. 

Individual options have one of the following forms: 
<dl> 
<dt>''option=value''</dt><dd> 
The option/value pair will be provided to every module. 
Modules that do not accept an option with this name will ignore it. 
</dd><dt>''option''</dt><dd> 
The option will be provided to every module with a value of 
"1". 
</dd><dt>''!option''</dt><dd> 
The option will be provided to every module with a NULL value. 
</dd><dt>''module:option=value'', ''module:option'', ''module:!option''</dt><dd> 
As above, but the corresponding option and value will be provided 
only to modules whose name matches 
''module''. 
</dd></dl> 
</dd></dl> 
== OPTIONS == 
<dl> 
<dt>Format iso9660</dt><dd> 
<dl> 
<dt>'''joliet'''</dt><dd> 
Support Joliet extensions. 
Defaults to enabled, use 
'''!joliet''' 
to disable. 
</dd><dt>'''rockridge'''</dt><dd> 
Support RockRidge extensions. 
Defaults to enabled, use 
'''!rockridge''' 
to disable. 
</dd></dl> 
</dd></dl> 
== ERRORS == 
Detailed error codes and textual descriptions are available from the 
'''archive_errno'''() 
and 
'''archive_error_string'''() 
functions. 
== SEE ALSO == 
'''tar'''(1), 
'''libarchive'''(3), 
'''archive_write_set_options'''(3), 
'''archive_read'''(3) 
