$NetBSD: patch-gcc_doc_invoke.texi,v 1.1 2014/05/06 15:28:16 richard Exp $

-- Backpatch tweaks to support pkgsrc gtexinfo v5

--- gcc/doc/invoke.texi.orig	2011-03-23 22:02:12.000000000 +0000
+++ gcc/doc/invoke.texi
@@ -4645,11 +4645,11 @@ Dump after duplicating the computed goto
 @option{-fdump-rtl-ce3} enable dumping after the three
 if conversion passes. 
 
-@itemx -fdump-rtl-cprop_hardreg
+@item -fdump-rtl-cprop_hardreg
 @opindex fdump-rtl-cprop_hardreg
 Dump after hard register copy propagation.
 
-@itemx -fdump-rtl-csa
+@item -fdump-rtl-csa
 @opindex fdump-rtl-csa
 Dump after combining stack adjustments.
 
@@ -4660,11 +4660,11 @@ Dump after combining stack adjustments.
 @option{-fdump-rtl-cse1} and @option{-fdump-rtl-cse2} enable dumping after
 the two common sub-expression elimination passes.
 
-@itemx -fdump-rtl-dce
+@item -fdump-rtl-dce
 @opindex fdump-rtl-dce
 Dump after the standalone dead code elimination passes.
 
-@itemx -fdump-rtl-dbr
+@item -fdump-rtl-dbr
 @opindex fdump-rtl-dbr
 Dump after delayed branch scheduling.
 
@@ -4709,7 +4709,7 @@ Dump after the initialization of the reg
 @opindex fdump-rtl-initvals
 Dump after the computation of the initial value sets.
 
-@itemx -fdump-rtl-into_cfglayout
+@item -fdump-rtl-into_cfglayout
 @opindex fdump-rtl-into_cfglayout
 Dump after converting to cfglayout mode.
 
@@ -4739,7 +4739,7 @@ Dump after removing redundant mode switc
 @opindex fdump-rtl-rnreg
 Dump after register renumbering.
 
-@itemx -fdump-rtl-outof_cfglayout
+@item -fdump-rtl-outof_cfglayout
 @opindex fdump-rtl-outof_cfglayout
 Dump after converting from cfglayout mode.
 
@@ -4751,7 +4751,7 @@ Dump after the peephole pass.
 @opindex fdump-rtl-postreload
 Dump after post-reload optimizations.
 
-@itemx -fdump-rtl-pro_and_epilogue
+@item -fdump-rtl-pro_and_epilogue
 @opindex fdump-rtl-pro_and_epilogue
 Dump after generating the function pro and epilogues.
 
